Create documentation for ATfE Dev Drop builds (#355)
arm/arm-toolchain: arm-software/embedded/docs/atfe-dev-drop-builds.md

# ATfE Dev Drops Builds

## Overview

ATfE Dev Drop builds provide the community with early access to upcoming
versions of the product ahead of official releases.
These builds are made available to support testing and early validation of new
features.

> Please note that Dev Drop builds may be unstable, and could contain bugs. They

Reviewer: You may want to add GitHub warning markdown to highlight like this

> [! WARNING]
> This is a warning message.

are intended for evaluation and integration purposes only, and not recommended
for production use.

## Release Cycle

Dev Drop builds are automatically generated nightly as part of the ATfE Nightly
Build and Test workflow on GitHub Actions.
Once all CI and CD stages complete successfully, a set of build artifacts is
produced and uploaded.

## Accessing Dev Drop Build Artifacts

Dev Drop build artifacts are available through the GitHub Actions section of

> the repository **arm-toolchain**. To locate them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
this repository. To locate them:
```

> 1. Navigate to the Actions tab on GitHub
> 2. Select the workflow titled [“ATfE Nightly Build and Test”](https://github.com/arm/arm-toolchain/actions/workflows/atfe_nightly_build_and_test.yml)

Reviewer 2: Since we're providing a direct link to the workflow, I think we don't need to suggest a separate step for going into the Actions tab.

```suggestion
1. Navigate to the [“ATfE Nightly Build and Test”](https://github.com/arm/arm-toolchain/actions/workflows/atfe_nightly_build_and_test.yml) Workflow in the Actions tab on GitHub
```
